noperino.
is it known that in multiplayer when the owner creates a new file it doesn't appear in the filetree for collaborators?
wait why am i a boomer
😐
oh no
WHAT IS HAPPENING
im ded
oh lordy
what have you done
oh god
❤️
well good luck to y'all, stay safe
i dont know how to code, only make bugs
i don't think so 😦
oof
even oofer
oh yeah wait im curious, how many people here have been sent home for the next few weeks
and have to do some distance learning
oh okay
or
two separate weddings
did your two cousins get married together
like
indeedy you can
Oh no
Oh god
Uhhhhhhhh
dont worry bout it bruh
s E c R e T
errrrrrrrrr
<:thonk:537810474167959552>
its on its way
wait <@224588823898619905> how did you get it <:thonk:537810474167959552>
👀
B E T A
o wait
yeah git integration when
strange planet is the best 👌
for anyone else interested, just DM me 🙃
on another note, html repls finally show lines for syntax errors 🙃
❤
was wondering if anyone wanted to collab on this project 😉
❤
sooo this is the idea i had.  user uploads image.  is able to crop the image and save it with its title and any relevant tags.  so its all crowdsourced.  i tried to do the cropping manually last night and realized there were waaaay too many comics haha
so people love to take individual frames of these wacky characters and use them as like reaction/response memes.  so i had this idea last night where i wanted to build like a library of these things.
hey guys.  does anyone here read / enjoy / look at `nathan w pyle's strange planet` comics?
👍
wait im not an engineer anymore
*former bug engineer
Friends, Replers, @everyone , lend me your ears.  Today is my last day at Repl.it.  It's been a real pleasure serving you guys.  I'll still be around the server if you ever want to chat / play some games / meme around, just ping me! Not sure what else to say ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
I'm sure people will _endlessly_ ask why, so here's why: I want to broaden my experiences at a larger company - working on a team of less than 10 people was real fun but I'd really like to see what the world is like out there.  Working at Repl.it was loads of fun and 10/10 would recommend.
hello @everyone 
all reigns of terror must eventually end, and mine is no exception.  from this day onwards, katya is named ~~queen of the seven kingdoms~~ supreme leader of this discord server.  please be sure to direct your memery and lulz towards her.
✌ , timchen
Hello everyone!  So we quietly released Drafts as a folder - until we do this via a migration for everyone, here's what you do to get access to "drafts" (unnamed repls folder): * Become an explorer if you aren't one already * Go to your repls dashboard * Created a folder called `Unnamed` (capital U) - WARNING: this is not reversible!  You won't be able to delete this folder. * Voila!  Any new repls you create will be in that folder.  If you give it a name, it will be moved back to your home.
Please feel free to experiment, and be sure to report any bugs.  Thanks!
Hello everyone, I just want to reiterate that if you see, experience, or hear of any instances of bullying or unkindness, please screenshot it and send it to me <@437048770237169666>  or <@172488400685760512> ASAP.  We take this seriously and will deal with the situation accordingly.
hi @everyone! i'd like to introduce you guys to <@535025986241167360> , who will be helping repl.it with competitions and social media.  be sure to say hi to her, and keep an eye out for the next Repl Talk competition coming soon!  More to come in <#439513292294062090> 😃
Hi @everyone , in celebration of 2000 members, we will be hosting a Repl.it Town Hall today on this server in the voice channel, where the Repl.it team will be present and speaking perms will be turned on for everyone.  This will take place at 4PM PST.  Shoot us questions, get to know us, or just talk to each other!  Hope to see you all there!
I think we found the bug.  Thanks for participating!  We'll post who gave us the instructions as soon as it's verified fixed. 😃
there are a few ways that could be interpreted O_o
<@!314123508827553792> in all seriousness, if you just want to park your money somewhere and not actively manage it, just throw it in a low-fee index fund or something
you dont want to be a day trader
kay guys
They can't
It's 6am here
I'm not on vacation but I was asleep
Oh hello what a morning
engineering time required to build that bot > time required to delete  things manually
yeah
because we only just implemented locking
done
but also locking locks voting
Banned
I'm on mobile and can't figure it out :|
negative
like the moment you get to managing state with jquery across more than one page, its game over
thats fine, undefined is falsy
its perfect <@422837173671428097>
if can do something like
```javascript if (object.property) {console.log(`${property} exists!`}}```
instead of `object.contains(property)` or whatever the equivalent is
<@95891496061902848> i'm on your side on this debate
<@422837173671428097> it's okay to be wrong 😉
there's merit in using what everyone else is using. community, more resources, etc
for a language to be popular, many people would have to find it to be useful/worth something
i mean, a language that is popular is probably good because of its popularity.  if it weren't good, it probably wouldn't be popular
i think both can be correct
i think it depends.  a language can be popular for any number of reasons
so <@439052807790657557> would you do `if (x) {} else {}` or `if (!x) {} else {}`?
scratch/snap are totally programming languages 👀
yeah the UI isn't as smooth (especially with scratch 3 coming out) but the functionality is 🔥
Go to file -> import tools to get stuff like for loops.  There's also libraries which I haven't played around with yet, but seems neat
Has anyone used Snap before?  Similar to Scratch, but a lot more powerful.  You can create your own blocks (and use them across sprites), you can type your blocks and everything.  Export blocks and import them into other projects.  It's fantastic for learning.
but the docs and support around python ML are quite rich and the python ML community is larger than the JS ML community
er oh, i read that wrong haha nevermind
<@422743414887546880>  build a front end website with python? 👀
python syntax enforces good whitespace habits
dont buy me, buy others
okay thanks just wanted to check something
:thonk~5: is the source public
wew lad i got dumped on
heck yeah egg rolls corp
goteeeeeeeee
hue
UNLOAD ALL THE THINGS
😐 😐 😐 😐 😐
wow
i can't believe youve done this
so they're trying to minimize the surface area for which they can be sued, which is 100% understandable
also, im not sure if you're aware, but people can sue for pretty much anything, and it's _really ducking expensive_ to deal with lawsuits, even superfluous ones
*fired (we're talking about teachers)(
don't want to be sued / screamed at by parents / etc
most teachers only care for the same reasons that _we_ care
its actually not the teachers either
its always the parents
if, in the general eye of the public, we are responsible for you guys, then we _are_, to some degree
okay anyways look
<@!487258918465306634> that's actually not true, it was hot enough to give her third degree burns or something, it was def justified
i don't think you understand how PR works
y'all need to learn the meaning of liability
y'all know that i _never_ enabled general external emotes during my time here right?  zwack released those perms cause he's cool, but there are definitely a lot of potential for damage around external emotes that he already outlined.
being a helper doesnt mean you're better than other people.  it just means you like helping people / you want to be notified when someone needs help.  you shouldnt go into this with the expectation that you'll get any benefits (like external emotes).  this channel alone is a direct line to mods and repl.it team members.
is this all about external emotes
except <@!162502976521371648> who needs to learn when to ping roles
i bow to zwack
well it seems like nobody needs helping
<@!162502976521371648> can i help you with something
do you need help
helper reporting for duty
who needs to be helped
ah okay 👍
? events
how does it even post in here
strange
try now
what
<@224588823898619905> when you get a chance / when you see <@476066476311445524> help him secure his bot, will ya? 😃
thanks ❤
oh, i see - they submitted under a different name
<@!130548661892546560> i dont think theres a perm for deleting messages only, only "Manage messages", which allows them to manage other peoples messages
ah okay
so i guess that's done
dunno, searched <#455493588273332235> and found nothing
but i don't know who the owner is
😐
as a consequence, i'd make you work with the owner to secure the bot
i know you're good people so i'm not worried
its okay, i just want you guys to understand the difference between having fun + having fun at other peoples' expense
i know you're good people so i'm not worried
Or any number of silly things that don't require admin intervention
You know?
Or like adding your own secret command
You know?
Like I honestly wouldn't have minded if it was harmless fun like making the bot talk to people or whatever.  But I'm a bit disappointed that you used it to do something you knew that we (server staff) would not be okay with.
Spam and publicizing token is malicious
Obviously not as malicious as you could've been, but still malicious
i really like the new UI 👍
i believe when i brought that up a while ago the consensus was that it wasn't possible given the current auth setup
<@239770148305764352> you know php + html exists right? 👀
<@&437061464990285824> the above link that taeb posted (directly above) is 500ing
my thing is going great 👍
also great questions, none of which i would know the answer to 🙂
thats a good question for repl.it
🙃
not for me
"you" as in me or "you" as in repl.it
what do you mean
it works on mobile
audio has always been a challenge and it not a top priority relative to the other things that are being worked on
and mobile dev is being worked on by kogs i think
repl.it has guis
and mobile dev is being worked on by kogs i think
<:thonk:537810474167959552> why are you asking me
repl.it has guis
<@!356108561232953344> they have to verify with someone on the team that they own the account (somehow) and then a team member can manually change it
also this is a channel for a very specific purpose
its in <#437067256049172491> if you want to read it
i saw this in oof topic
this seems unrelated to feedback
imma remove t
wtf i thought i fixed that image thing
ill look into it today
also <@224588823898619905> you can remove yourself from shared repls now
I'm making pastarino
For the ENTIRE WEEK
Wait why did it ping me
sometimes i write code and teach people things
Hi, I'm Tim. I taught high school CS for three years. Now I do other stuff. 
Keep in Touch, a social network for keeping in touch with your friends.
anyone opposed to medium/high verification level?
only if it's made on Repl.it :stuck_out_tongue:
otherwise all the conversations will get mixed up
great question, i'm not sure - we can check it out though
oh man, we were just talking about that this morning!  do you have any theme ideas?
bananas = hidden
hello!
i don't think that's possible yet :frowning:
hi!
test
hai i has bug
I WILL MAKE BUGS FROM BEYOND THE GRAVE
bugs aint gonna make themselves
Former CS Teacher who tries to write readable code every now and then
Why are you hell bent on the destruction of society
cyber police are on their way
u dun goofd
wot u want fite me
It lets you focus on writing code and deploying apps without making you deal with setting anything up!
I thought you were director of marketing at replit
Hey @replit I googled "lodash playground" and you were the first result 
Wait what
fake news
Just put a bucket over it and enjoy immortality
Independent thought, I dig it 
Is there a story behind this
Hey dude what's going on
or at least, not the posterboys of billionaires that people like to talk about (gates, bezos, etc)
an issue i have with OP's thread is that nobody actually has billions of dollars in cash. having billions of dollars is very different from being worth billions of dollars
I mean it definitely helps cut down on some bugs made by both myself and kids - like trying to call a method on a string that only exists in an array, for example. The less runtime bugs to deal with = more time for logic. I wonder what a typescript curriculum looks like 
There's a lot to dislike about Java but I do think working in a type-safe language is beneficial to students
Imagine not being able to criticize your own government either
Didn't you know? Anything < 4.5 stars is garbage tier
oh of course - you'd get extra style humor points, instant in, ezpz fellowship = secured
you would if you knew me ;_;
oh my GOD i was like KIDDING oKAAAY?
who r u
you impact me in a huge way
how clever 1. "accidentally" send out rejection emails to everyone 2. observe reaction on social media 3. "oops it was an accident" 4. now we have more data points for what type of person they are
Unfortunately it's real and it's for the new, language agnostic APCS exam. Unfortunately, it does jack for students looking to prepare for the exam. Some stuff in the book was just outright wrong. I returned it but I wish I had a copy so I could give examples.
wait I want to play this game pls notify of release thx
I feel personally attacked
Poe's law in full effect
I had loads of fun at replit, will never forget my time there, and would recommend to any driven engineers looking for a job. Plus, I'll still be around the community!
Don't worry I left bugs all over the place for you guys to find - have fun!! 
We parted on good terms and replit is still in good hands, I dunno why y'all are making a big deal out of this 
Are you implying I don't love my cats like they were human children 
Thank
:(
Sorry, still looking into it, will loop back soon
Done, you should be set up now :)
Can you DM me your email and I can take a peek at it?
Github integration (both up and down) is in development and almost released! Eta a few weeks or less. Re job - send us something at jobs@repl.it :)
Should be fixed now, thanks for the report. And props to @cannyHQ for the blazing fast response.
Can you link me to the repl where you are getting that error so we can verify that it's fixed?
Looking into this - thanks for reporting
In retrospect, we probably could've just omitted the comparator (so it's just `mostUsedLanguages && mostUsedLanguages.length && (...` but alas, it is merged and in the middle of being deployed.
3/ it was expecting it to be rendered at the top - only that wasn't happening. So we turned `>` into `>=` and everyone lived happily ever after. :)
2/ The top languages render conditionally - if you don't have any top langs, we wont show that section. Unfortunately, the condition checked if you had MORE than one top language, and, well, you only had one. In the end, it was removing C#from the main list because...
Fix is coming out! Thanks for reporting :) 1/ So we have a user's top used languages in a list, and we have all languages in a list. When you open that modal, we remove the your top languages from the "all languages" list because we render your top languages at the top. ...
Found the issue, now looking for a fix We were really confused at first because it seemed like it was _only_ your account who was affected by this.
Heya, looking into this
(in case anyone was wondering, the bug was 100% my fault and i'm just an idiot)
Was trying to debug the same piece of code for three hours last night with no success. Solved it this morning 10 minutes after waking up. Programming is such a silly thing. 
"where can I hide a body"
1. @replit 2. VSCode 3. @digitalocean 4. google 5. google @TheDrone_7 @TheDrone_7 @TheDrone_7 @TheDrone_7 @TheDrone_7
is this the new fwds from grandma
personal opinion here but any take home assignment (that don't involve any company employees) longer than 1 hour and not compensated is BS
varies depending on entry point but generally, short phone call with the CEO -> 45 minute tech phone screen -> full day on site. basically every step of the way you're working with our team so we only want to spend valuable time with candidates we are seriously considering
You want to look for application processes that invest time in interviewing you just as much you would invest interviewing with them. At @replit interviews are a big investment as far as engineering time goes so we try not to waste anyone's time, esp our own.
I was a teacher in high school using their classroom product and gave them a lot of feedback. But in any case, in hiring a replacement community manager, we probably would've been okay hiring someone in a similar position. I'm sure other companies are willing to do the same
I'm not no college, but I have zero formal education in CS. I joined replit as a community manager/support guy and transitioned into an engineering role over the course of like 6 months. It helps that we were 5 people at the time so I could get close up the action
I try to get started on personal projects maybe 2-3 times after I get home and only 15% of the time does it yield any real productive work (the rest devolves into Reddit), but I ride that wave as far as I can when it happens.
t h o n k
Playing around with Python Play by @Glench on @replit is so much fun. Made a virtual ball pen in like 40 lines. Click to create a ball, drag and fling balls around, and press Z to throw them all up in the air!
Does it count if I pay myself? In college I created a bot to automate an online raffle thing and won maybe $500+ in prizes before they caught on. They're no longer around :|
The answer is probably directly proportional to how much you threw up in his/her car
You're supposed to tip Uber drivers???
We've already been there:
lol @AlaskaAir pls
ayyy VOD pls
I use vscode + cmder for my terminal, works pretty decently
They're also most active in our community, which gives it higher visibility!
nah was just curious, thanks!
is C: 10 expensive or cheap? all the other ones seem to be high = good, low = bad, wondering if cost is reversed
y tho
Just landed in Boston, will take a peek as soon as I get to a coffee shop 
It's in the works, but will be released soon. Try it out here!
the response when i explained how that site gets updated
Nope, I'm just bad at dates. :) The advertised end-of-jam from the FAQ post is 4/18 23:29, so we're following that as the source of truth
100% yes!
Thanks for reporting - looking into it. Will loop back soon.
Whoops thanks - fixed!
Ick, sorry about this. Will tackle it soon.
Just an inside joke about how we had to make our footer huge to accommodate the ever-growing list of languages 
Uber driver dropping me off at the airport: have a good flight! Me: you too! Also me:
Flying + sleep deprivation is probably the closest thing to teleportation I'll experience in my lifetime. I get in a strange machine, pass out, and wake up in my target destination without any memory of the last 6 hours.
Is dabbing still a thing?
You're young and hip, what kind of things do I do here
Oh dang that's exactly what I've been looking for
Oh hi
I have a thing now
How do you Twitter? Someone tell me what to do I'm so lost
where??
wow thats obscene
i have no idea what im looking at
i forget
if you give me power i will abuse it
no i dont want power
hi
hes just tweeting netflix recommendations
says "sudo hack database", now im leet hacker
technology has truly gone too far
why have you done this
oh no
so i cant apply
i had an accident a few months ago and i'm blind now
big oof
yes you'd be fantastic
I'm going back to sleep 
Hi.
ok im gone bye
like dont tehy have more recent pictures of asian people they can us
guess who found a 4-year old picture of themselves in a video from the NYC mayor
but if its more about me being fat and dying from being fat then pls no
are you comparing me to a ruthless dictator
Who summons me
test the waters,  y'know
from discord?  every time someone sends a me ssage?
i thought i set the default notification setting to be mentions only :<
the gear next to your name/number/icon
so you can't just spam to level up
oh shoot i thought those were sent out already.  my bad!  we'll get it done this week.  today or tomorrow
are you looking to learn javascript for the web?  or just javascript the language
community support + i do some programming 
im using the default, which i guess is dark
caleb won it looks like
i dont see a color
good call
that way you have the whole weekend to get your submission up!
we like it when you guys look at each other's code!
no
haha
just curious, are you guys learning programming in school?
i used to be a teacher - i taught programming in high school - 10th, 11th, and 12th grades - and none of my students could do what you guys have done
and if it's slower, we'd like to debug it
wait, this seems faster to me
do you also see bullets stuck in the air?
hi @mat make me editor pls
omg hi
hi, i responded to your post on /bugs
hi haz
hi new, i'm dad
Hi I landed
hi back! i'm dad
say hi to rewon and susan for me 
hi, does anyone know of a library made by anyone here for python key detection on repl.it?
his word is law
wait when did my name become tim-chan
am i some dictator
picture of said dog as proof pls
i think china bans google, which Repl.it depends on
you know asians can live in like places other than asia
someone managed toi get your bot to say some not nice things
what kind of bot did you have in mind
only restriction is that if its a gif it should be as small as possible (<300kb or so)
minimum legal working age
i think its a bit naive to think that crypto would be allowed
don't mine crypto on our systems
the company selling it needs to make money, yes
i will ban every last one of you
ping me all day baby
baby steps i think
what if mat became owner for a day
do you know how to loop through every letter in a string in python?
have y'all used python play yet
this server is just one massive bug
i think we're set on discord bots for now
haya has one, and then there's another floating one
lol my registered domains are just reminders of all the projects i started but never finished
just reiterate the rules and if its not sinking in, let me or someone else take care of it
bruh its like 10pm here whe would we sleep
bruh i havent been on in a while
timchen PILLOW?
i take input and i have output.  timchen = function confirmed
once i remove that from package.json, it then moves to a different error re discord.js (no longer has the blob thing)
i want me some zwack merch
i 8xed on google and 3xed on MSFT
does mat not like google or something
rob is the god
btw banana what did microsoft do to minecraft?
what kind of cake tho
if youre doing multiplayer and yall are on different gates youre gonna have a bad time
good night's bad sleep O_o
or maybe not "so much compute" but it matched whatever system they have for detecting crypto mining
without context it looks like you just took a picture of a computer
fried cheese curds and beer
dude that mac and cheese pizza though
that repl still doesnt work, even trying to install through the shell.  can't install chess via pip install chess
dogs = better to play with, cats = better to mess around with
Btw re bans they're just repl talk bans
AdMiN aBuSe
can't believe this was just sent out in an email to every teacher on repl.it :joy:
bruh
thanks help-kill-aa
ok actually leaving now bye
eating leftover pizza
okay its noon, time for me to lunch
nah, our customers aren't as goofy as y'all
like 500?
i make so many good bugs now
anyways yea they have dumb pics of me they want to add to timchen.tk so if you know how they can submit pics let me know
i cant buy what i already own
dont buy me anything
they want to know where they can contribute
my coworkers found it and they have a great time with it
timchen.tk is great
wow you think all asians look alike
smh
we've met
hi :potato:
<@224588823898619905> dm me that server info
no promises ill be on much
sure
👍 usually weekends
👍
not at home so ill accept later
or something
oh uh some stranger
on uplay i think im like ChickanWheee
or something
👍
👀
add me on uplay
<@!130548661892546560>
(and whoever else)
wait but i didnt even tell you who i am
ayyy i also play siege
add me on uplay
no i just have the same name as the founder/ceo
but i own replit stock so pls make replit great ty
i love that it's still active
i don't believe in friends
my children
this chat moves way too fast
fav veg daikon
im just at work
who doesnt work at replit anymore
i am but a normal dude
mods literally not doing their jobs
yeah where are my royalties
!ban minx
double parrot
>:|
im about to be on break until tuesday next week
goddamn invariant violations